How was the Melo move I haven't
heard anything else from him, he released the video,
someone must have gotten him because if
not, what for? And then I don't know if he
continued making videos or what, but
I don't think he said anything about DEA Dallas. Gosh, that
guy crying, Dallas just behaved well
with him, man, he gave him a computer, gave him a
job, Dallas demanded 120 bucks and we
took a collection to help him get
the 120 bucks back. I remember you
took a collection, the 120 was
for the shipping, not the computer, it was
something he didn't pay Dallas, and
then Dallas kept the 120 bucks for him.
And then he was having financial problems, I do
n't know what. And then we did a
live show where we asked for the 120 bucks. And I know
a video cursing at Dallas and we
collected the 120 bucks for him and then
in the end, people said, [ __ ]
Dallas, and they didn't give him the
120 bucks and you kept them for yourself.
12 Ah  He kept them on top of him,
the collection was made, a vote was held and the
people said but don't give it to Ardala and
he kept it, eh, clear 120 bucks. So he
still owes him the 120 bucks. 120
bucks, Ardala the bastard.